you won't be replaced by artificial
intelligence but you will be replaced by
someone who knows how to use it
currently AI is advancing at the pace of
days or weeks AI will be responsible for
the first trillion dollar business that
the world has ever seen
someone much wiser than me recently said
that you won't be replaced by artificial
intelligence but you will be replaced by
someone who knows how to use it some
other people who are also a lot smarter
than me predict that AI will be
responsible for the first trillion
dollar business that the world has ever
seen personally I believe that
artificial intelligence is the next big
wave if we think about the people who
are using the internet in the early 90s
and learn to capitalize on it and get
the most out of it those are the people
who won in the 2000s the people who
learn to use social media and get the
most out of it in the 2000s are the
people who had the most success in the
2010s the people who learn to use AI
right now get the most out of it
capitalize on it and who are on The
Cutting Edge of this technology are the
people who are going to be reaping the
benefits oftentimes the monetary
benefits in the coming decades and
speaking of decades that's one of the
crazy things about this new AI
technology is that in the past
technology moved fast and that's
something that we're used to but it
usually moved over the course of years
currently AI is advancing at the pace of
days or weeks think about when the first
iPhone was released it took us an entire
year to get the second iPhone with AI
chat GPT just hit the scene in December
of 2022 and now five or six months later
we have thousands of different AI
technologies that are being used by
different content creators and they're
constantly rapidly evolving piggybacking
off one another and creating even more
capabilities for entrepreneurs and
creators alike so in today's episode I'm
going to share with you 17 tools that
I've recently discovered that I'm either
using or looking forward to using very
soon in my own business and content
creation many of these tools are very
easy to use and the majority of them are
free also a lot of these tools and
technologies that I'm going to be
recommending today are piggybacking off
of the chat GPT system which if you
don't know what that is you're not super
familiar with it I would recommend going
back and listening to or some of our
previous episodes about chat GPT we've
done a handful of them now talking about
the very Basics when it first was
released what the heck even is it what
are some capabilities of it and I'm
still using it to this day and
continuing to get better at it and
before we even get into this list let me
just say if you haven't already chat GPT
is probably the best place to start and
get familiar with what AI even is and
chat EPT will give you better results
based off of the prompts that you give
it the more specific of prompts the
better the questions you can ask it the
better information you will get back and
so something that I've been doing
recently is before I ask chat GPT to
tell me something or to help me with a
project I will ask Chachi PT to ask me
questions an example of this was
recently I was coming up with new roles
and responsibilities for my personal
assistant and I turned to Chachi BT and
here's what I said to chat GPT I'm an
entrepreneur with a personal assistant
I'm looking to add some new roles and
responsibilities to her to-do list and
job responsibilities I want you to give
me a list of tasks and projects that I
could potentially Outsource to her to
save myself time energy money and effort
as well as things that can make my life
more efficient and peaceful before
giving me that list of tasks and
recommendations it's important that you
get to know me my business and my life
so before we proceed please start by
asking me questions that will help you
better understand me and my business
from there chat gbt asked me a series of
questions to get to know me better
basically what this is doing is it's
reverse engineering The Prompt so rather
than having to complex some super long
multi-paragraph prompt where you're
giving chat GPT your life story and just
kind of guessing at what it would need
to know in order to give you the best
results you are instead literally
telling chat GPT to come up with the
questions that it needs to give you the
best results it then formulated some
questions it said what is the nature of
your business and your industry what are
your personal professional goals in the
short term and in the long term what do
you and do in what do you enjoy doing in
your free time and are there any hobbies
or interests that you would like to have
more time M4 it asks me things like are
there any specific tasks or projects
that you've been putting off due to lack
of time or resources that you may like
your personal assistant to tackle I then
answered those questions for chat GPT
and upon answering them it circled back
to my original prompt and said thank you
for providing this detailed information
about your business preferences and
current situation based on your answers
here's a list of tasks and projects that
you could potentially Outsource to your
personal assistant to save time energy
and money as well as make your life more
efficient and peaceful and it gave me
about 10 different recommendations they
were broken down into easy to read
bullet points and I really felt that
this was a much better response than
what I would have gotten if I gave it a
more general or more vague prompt and I
actually applied a very similar prompt
to creating more content on Instagram so
I basically took the same approach with
starting by asking chat GPT to ask me
questions before asking it to help me to
come up with content for my Instagram
remember remember it's all about the
prompts it's all about the questions you
are asking it and so I know this might
be foreign to some of you I know some of
you might be brand new to AI but the
better the prompt is the better the
question is the better response you will
get so just keep practicing keep
experimenting and keep listening to
other people that's one of my favorite
things that I've been doing so far in
this AI Revolution is recognizing that I
ain't the best prompt Creator I ain't
the best person at coming up with these
questions but there are so many other
creators who are coming up with creative
ways to ask questions there are so many
other entrepreneurs who are coming up uh
with really thoughtful and intentional
prompts for chat GPT and oftentimes
they're sharing them on social media and
then I'm able to use those same prompts
apply them to my Niche or industry or
whatever my needs are and get similar
results and speaking of that's basically
what I'm about to do for you I'm going
to share 17 different tools and
resources that I've recently discovered
or used that have some sort of AI
component to them and I'll also explain
to you what they do so you can gauge
whether or not this would be beneficial
or helpful for you and your business the
first one is actually what I use for my
editing on social media and when I say
it you might not even recognize that
there's AI components to it because
maybe you already use this app yourself
it's cap cut cap cut is an official
partner with meta and with Tick Tock and
it's my go-to editing service it's super
easy to use there's a mobile and a
desktop app for cap cut and it just
makes editing your videos so much easier
but the way that it uses artificial
intelligence or maybe I should say the
way that I use its artificial
intelligence is with the closed captions
feature cap cut can automatically
generate closed captions for you and so
if you have seen any of my Instagram
reels or shorts or tick tocks recently
especially those ones with the really
cool captions that kind of pop up on the
screen and have animations and effects
that is done almost automatically within
cap cut I should say that the captions
are actually added automatically and
then the only thing that might be
tweaked is me changing the color of
something or adding a little animation
here and there but that Automation in
and of itself is such a Time Saver so I
don't have to manually type out the
captions for every single post speaking
of captions my second tool for you is
the captions app the captions app yes
can be used for automatic closed
captions but the AI feature that I think
is the coolest about the captions app
that some people have seen and it's it's
kind of freaky the first time you see it
is an eye contact artificial
intelligence so basically I could be
looking at my laptop I could be reading
the script off to the side of the camera
so my face is looking at the camera my
face is directed towards the lens but my
eyes are actually looking off screen
maybe reading my script or reading the
bullet points whatever the AI can make
it look like my eyes are still looking
at the screen this means that you don't
have to memorize scripts you don't have
to read off of a teleprompter you don't
have to you know have a pre
pre-planned monologue that you have to
worry about getting wrong like I just
did instead you can literally just read
off of your script looking at it and the
AI will make it look like instead you
are looking right into the camera lens
which is great for engagement it's great
for connectivity with your audience it
is a little creepy the first time you
see it and the first time you record a
video with it but it's a really powerful
tool especially if you're someone who
struggles with creating content and
looking at the camera and remembering
what to say the third tool is actually
two different tools that do the same
thing the first is git Munch and that's
the tool that I've been primarily using
it's the one that I have been partnered
with on my Instagram that I've been
using for my own YouTube and YouTube
shorts and another version of an app
that does the same thing is Opus dot Pro
and basically what these two AI tools do
is they take long form content like a
podcast like a YouTube video and they
condense it into short form vertical
video clips but here's the difference it
doesn't just like crop your video and
then pull out random segments instead it
listens to the video and it
cross-references what you're saying with
what's currently trending what's
searchable on YouTube what short 30 to
60 second Snippets would be great sound
bites for social media the AI has been
trained to pick out the best moments in
your say 30 minute long YouTube video
and automatically cut it out make it a
vertical video so crop it and then trim
it so that it's just that most engaging
moment most search worthy moment and it
can even add automatic closed captions
like the captions or cap cut app the
next tool is one that I haven't used
personally but I've been seeing other
people use it and it's so cool it's
called waymark and essentially it can
create commercials for you for your
brand for your business whatever it may
be based off of some prompts that you
give it so rather than hiring an entire
agency and a bunch of creators and
directors and actors and actresses to
film a commercial for you or even paying
someone tens of thousands of dollars to
make some sort of animated commercial
you can create these animated
automatically generated commercials
using waymark now I should say that
waymark just like any other artificial
intelligence the ones I've already
listed and the ones I'm going to list
it's not perfect and it's not always
going to be perfect the first time it's
not even necessarily going to be a great
uh end product the first time but as you
refine your prompts and as this
technology continues to develop it's
only going to get better we're only a
few months into this technology even
existing so put that into perspective
think about how long we've had computers
or how long we've had the internet or
how long we've had social media even and
how much it's progressed we've had AI
for just a few months and already we
have all of these tools they're going to
get better and every single week they
are getting better fifth on my list is
one that I'm super excited to start
using it's called do not pay and do not
pay calls itself the world's first robot
lawyer essentially what do not pay can
do do is scan through your receipts scan
through your transactions scan through
your emails and find money that you've
left behind it can find subscription
services that you might be paying for
unknowingly and it can find charges that
might be easy to dispute I saw a great
video of a guy recently who turned his
entire financial management over to Ai
and one of the tools he used was do not
pay and do not pay found a list of
different charges that he might be able
to easily dispute one of those was Wi-Fi
from I believe a United Airlines flight
and it said this charge is something
that could be easily disputed if there
was some sort of malfunction or
discrepancy with the Wi-Fi like did it
work properly basically this is what the
AI asked him and he said no the Wi-Fi
actually didn't work properly on that
flight it was malfunctioning it kept
crashing it didn't work and so after
telling the AI that that's what happened
on his flight the AI was able to write
up a letter and send that letter to
United and and this is all completely
legal this is in the terms and service
agreements United received the letter
and because it was factual because the
Wi-Fi wasn't working on that flight he
was able to get reimbursed for the
charge of that in-flight Wi-Fi the sixth
tool is called GPT Excel and you guessed
it it's for Microsoft Excel and Google
Sheets basically you can give it a
layman's term of what you want to happen
you can say hey I want to add up
everything in this column or I want to
alternate the colors in this column and
bold anything that is over the number
20. I don't know you can come up with
any sort of description of what you want
to happen in Google Sheets or in
Microsoft Excel and it will give you GPT
Excel will give you the formula that you
can plug in to the spreadsheet to make
that happen what I'm noticing with a lot
of these tools is these are things that
I took entire courses on in college when
I was a freshman at Georgetown
University I was in their business
school and one of the first classes that
I took was essentially really intro to
using Excel we were learning different
formulas we were learning how to create
things we were learning data
visualization and now GPT Excel can give
all of that to me in just a matter of
seconds without me having to remember or
know any of these things so it's kind of
crazy how much things have changed even
just within the last few years my
seventh tool for you is actually Four
tools that do all the same thing and
they are previewed dot app Jitter dot
video mock rocket dot IO and
mockupworld.com and what all of these do
is they do animated mock-ups so if
you've ever seen I think the easiest way
to think about this is when you see
those like apple commercials and there's
like a cool display that's on an iPhone
or someone is showing you what their app
looks like and they're showing it kind
of mocked up of what it would look like
on someone's phone or on someone's watch
or on someone's computer that's what
these tools can do is they can
automatically create mock-ups for you
that look very visually appealing they
look beautifully created great graphic
design and it's done in just a few
seconds automatically tool number eight
is called imagica and it is an app
builder so instead of having to pay tens
of thousands of dollars to get apps
built and designed and made and Magic
can do that for you tool number nine is
called bardine and it can automate
repetitive tasks basically it can look
for things that you do repetitively in
your workflow or throughout your day and
it can start to automate those things
for you tool number 10 is called better
legal assistant and this also exists as
a plug-in which I should note a lot of
these exist as plugins so you can plug
them into your web browser I use Google
Chrome and then it just kind of exists
in your toolbar so you don't even have
to go to a separate website or download
a special app it's just right there
existing on your native internet browser
but what better Legal Assistant can do
is kind of like be a virtual lawyer so I
know earlier we talked about do not pay
which touts itself as the world's first
robot lawyer but what better Legal
Assistant can do is it can summer our
eyes contracts in layman's terms so it
can take this really long multi-page
contract maybe for your social media
agreement for you know promoting a brand
maybe you're doing a brand partnership
and it can break down that long lengthy
confusing contract and put it in terms
that you can understand and summarize it
so you know are you getting a good deal
are you getting a bad deal basically
what are these technical terms that are
actually in the contract what are they
saying what do they mean tool number 11
is another two in one two tools that do
the same thing and they are so flipping
cool they'll make you seem so much more
professional and they'll save you a ton
of time and effort they are weight room
and fireflies Ai and what these both
offer is a zoom meeting assistant so
essentially you can have an AI bot join
your Zoom meetings you could even name
it your assistant Brock's assistant or
something like that and then during the
course of the meeting it will transcribe
the audio and take notes for you you can
even train some of these meeting assist
instance to be sales closers or sales
representatives for you and kind of
assist in the actual meeting process but
what I like to use them for and what I
think their their base known for is just
basically being note takers during your
meetings so they can keep you up to date
with what was said over the course of
that one hour long Zoom meeting tool
number 12 is called hypotenuse Ai and
hypotenuse AI is a really popular tool
for automatic content creation to be
totally honest I haven't used it a ton
yet I don't know what its capabilities
are but a lot of content creators are a
big fan of hypotenuse because of its Aid
and assistance in content creation tool
number 13 would be great for my mom and
her ADHD struggles it is called timely
Ai and it's a time tracker it basically
tracks where you spend your time where
you get distracted and then it helps you
not just categorize and keep track of
where you spend your time but it also
gives suggestions and recommendations as
how you could optimize your time and be
more efficient tool number 14 is called
honesta and it is a sales process
automating AI so basically it can help
you automate different aspects of your
sales process your sales funnel which
should make sales and customer
acquisition more easy and more automated
tool number 15 is called descript and
what it can do is generate voice from
text but it can generate your voice the
more examples of your voice the more
videos and podcasts and audio recordings
that you can give it of you of course
the better and then basically from there
it will generate what your voice sounds
like it's crazy just like a lot of these
AIS they're crazy and then you can type
in text of what you want it to say and
it will read it in your voice again it's
not perfect sometimes it sounds a little
bit auto-tuned sometimes it sounds a
little bit robotic but compare this to
what we had five years ago which was
essentially nothing this is mind-blowing
stuff tool number 16 is Rose Ai and Rose
AI does data visualization and data
summary or analysis
um again this is something that I took
an entire class on in college I spent an
entire semester learning about data
visualization and how to summarize
collect and analyze data and now Rose AI
can do that for me automatically in just
a few seconds tool number 17 is copy dot
Ai and this is a great copywriting tool
for your emails again it might not
always be perfectly in your voice but it
can write powerful marketing and copy
emails in just a few seconds based off
the prompts you give it and I know I
told you it was going to be 17 but as I
was making this list I just couldn't cut
it down so we're actually going to give
you 20 different tools so I have three
more tools for you tool number 18 is a i
p r m for chat GPT and basically this is
a database of prompts so you know
earlier we talked about how the better
prompts you give it the better questions
you ask the better answers you will
receive well this is basically a
database of Plug and Play Mad Lib style
prompts for AI and other chat GPT
related intelligence and so it's really
powerful it takes the guesswork out it
takes the creativity even out of coming
up with what these prompts are a very
useful tool especially if you're using
chat GPT on the regular the next tool
the second to last one on the list and I
should say that these aren't in any
particular order this is just in order
that I put them in it's not like worst
the best or anything like that is fast
reply dot IO and fastreply.io allows you
to quickly and automatically respond to
people on Twitter and I think one other
platform it might be YouTube it might be
Facebook I'm not sure don't quote me on
that but it's definitely Twitter and so
it allows you to automatically reply
quicker and it starts to learn what your
responses are and so it can automate
that social component and that
interaction of outbound marketing and
connecting with other people on social
media the final tool that I have for you
today is called gamma dot app and Gamma
basically allows you to create AI
presentations web pages and documents
this one is another one that's mind
blowing super cool super powerful
basically you give it a prompt you tell
it what you want the website to look
like or what you want the presentation
to say and then it will generate it for
you and you have total customization
over what each page says over what the
color schemes the photos it adds all of
that for you and it's mind-blowing so
again all of these tools they're
mind-blowing they're crazy they're
rapidly advancing they're not perfect
yet but I want to encourage you if any
of these stood out today if as I was
talking you were like oh I would love
email marketing copywriting assistants
or I would love a zoom meeting assistant
or oh my gosh I would love if I could
just read off of a script and I don't
have to make eye contact with the camera
but it still looked like I was making
eye contact with the camera if any of
that stood out to you I want to
encourage you to just follow that
Curiosity Chase it down the rabbit hole
experiment test things out try things
out and you'll learn and that will make
you Leaps and Bounds better than any
other Creator entrepreneur who's stuck
in this place of fear and I want to
address that fear because I recognize
that this can be unsettling and there
are lots of of negatives there are lots
of ethical concerns that have are being
raised and have yet to be addressed or
answered within the AI community and I
don't think it's my place necessarily to
pass judgment or share my opinions on
this podcast instead I'm just trying to
share these tools and Technologies with
you you can be the decider for yourself
how and if you want to use these but I
do want to encourage you to at least dip
your toe in the water experiment with
some of these because they can really
save you time save you energy and effort
and how flipping awesome would it be if
you could spend a couple more hours with
your family every week or a couple more
hours doing something that you love
chasing your passion project because
you're allowing AI to automate those
things that otherwise might take you a
lot of time thank you so much for
watching thank you for listening today
we really appreciate it if you're
watching on YouTube give a thumbs up hit
that subscribe button according to our
analytics less than 20 percent of our
viewers and listeners of the podcast are
even subscribed so I want to remind you
to press that subscribe button even if
you're seeing these videos regularly and
listening to the show you might not
actually be subscribed these might just
be recommended to you by the algorithms
by the artificial intelligence and like
I said it was perfect so a great way to
make sure that you never miss an episode
in the future is to hit that subscribe
button but again thank you so much for
watching and listening today I really
appreciate it and as always happy
networking
[Music]